Change that the orders coming from Shopify channel instead of traveling to the tab Ventas Pendientes go to the Ventas por Completar Tab in the Ventas TAb, and eliminate the Ventas Pendientes Tab.
In every tab create an additional column after Canal named Tipo and it should display a dropdown menu with Inmediato or Reserva.
Orders coming from canal Shopify instead of traveling to the tab Ventas pendientes as they were, will now travel to Ventas por Completar, which is located inside the Ventas Tab.
I need to separate the orders coming from spotify in two ways: Inmediato and Reserva. Create a new tab called Reserva inside the Ventas tab, so now I will have 3 sub tabs: Lista de Ventas and Ventas por Completar that already exist, and this third tab called Reservas. . So orders coming from spotify will have two Tipos: Reserva or Inmediato. SO you need to have in this new tab also the Column Tipo to be able to choose either Inmediato or Reserva. All the orders canal shopify that have Reserva in the name of the product will be classified as tipo Reserva by default. All the rest which products don t have the word Reserva in their name will be tipo Inmediato. When an order is tipo Reserva, it should travel to the new Reserva Tab with the same information and do not show it anymore in the Ventas por completar tab. 
Additionally  to the headers traveling from Ventas Por Completar in the tab Reserva, Create an additional column named: Fecha Entrega, and allow the possibility that the information under it can be posted manually from a pop up calendar using a date format. After that column there should be a button called Cuotas. When this button is pressed it should show the following information:
Saldo Inicial, which is calculated from Subtracting from the Total US$ the Pago Inicial US$. Next line should be the following headers: Fecha, Cuota, Saldo, Referencia, Banco, Verificado. Under it  : Fecha, with a pop up calendar to choose from, Cuota1 $, Saldo1 which is calculated subtracting Saldo Inicial - Cuota1, Referencia, Banco, and a checkbox that says Verificado. Next line will be Fecha, Cuota2 $, Saldo 2 which again is calculated as Saldo1 - Cuota2 $, Referencia, Banco and again the checkbox under Verificado. Only show one line at a time and place a + sign at the right low corner so more lines can be added to accommodate many cuotas. Once Saldo = 0 and all the boxes under Verificado are marked, then the order status will change to En Proceso and will travel to Lista de Venta. If Flete is already paid or Flete is free, then status will be A Despachar and it will travel to lista de ventas and Despachos as usual. The history of the Cuotas of any order will not travel to the Lista de Ventas but it must be possible in the future to create a report using the order number to extract customer payment information of every Cuota. In the Reserva tab there should be a button for creating a Reserva orden manually. THis button will be called + Nueva Reserva Manual and it will create a dialog box requesting all the information needed to create the order according to the headers of the reserva tab.
